[Music]
you're new around here yeah we just
moved here from Seattle
well welcome this park is [ __ ]
fantastic you got two Easter bars one of
which is the [ __ ] tonight is our regular
pizza night hard worry coming here was
we wouldn't be able to make new friends
you guys really put that to bed this is
California
maybe this is what dinner parties are
like can I show you my passion is that a
bottle the series is called portals 50
bucks if you can guess which ones of
mine
[Music]
I'm seriously weird she doesn't perish
it's okay for you to think about doing
other things and in some cases doing
those things right I'm pretty sure we
move to the swinger vibe I don't think
so at all
you're drunk in your stones how you got
your [ __ ] are about to be dripping
wet
it's just a French kiss it's just a
friend's kiss
mm-hmm just a French kiss it's just a
friend's kiss yes
[Music]